Crowdfunding Stateful Smart Contract Application Example (#178)
scale-it/algorand-builder: examples/crowdfunding/README.md

# Example Crowdfunding Stateful Smart Contract Application

This project demonstrates how to create a Crowdfunding Stateful Smart Contract Application.
To create this type of application on Algorand, there are five steps that must be supported:

Original tutorial can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/solutions/example-crowdfunding-stateful-smart-contract-application/)

> - Create the Fund - Anyone should be able to create a fund, setting a begin, end, and closeout dates. The creator and receiver should also be stored. The creator is stored only to allow that address to modify or delete the smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the Fund - Anyone should be able to create a fund, setting a begin, end, and closeout dates. The creator and receiver should also be stored. The creator is stored to allow only that address to modify or delete the smart contract.
```

    - Update - As part of linking the escrow account to the stateful smart contract, you first need the application id returned from creating the stateful smart contract. The escrow account code should be modified to add the specific returned ID and compiled, returning the escrow address. This address should be placed in the global state using an update operation of the stateful smart contract. The escrow account will hold all donations.
We create and update the fund using `scripts/createApp.js`

> - Donate - Donations are accepted after the beginning date and not after the end date. The escrow account accrues all donations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Donate - Donations are accepted only between `start` and `end` date. The escrow account holds all donations.
```

> We donate using `scripts/transfer/donate.js`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Donations are made using `scripts/transfer/donate.js` _run_ script.
```

- Withdraw Funds - The fund’s recipient should be able to withdraw the funds from the escrow account after the end date if the fund goal is met. 
We claim funds using `scripts/transfer/claim.js`.

- Recover Donations - Original donors should be allowed to recover their donations after the end date if the fund did not make its goal.
To recover donations, we are using `scripts/transfer/reclaim.js`

- Delete Fund - The fund should be deletable by the original creator after the fund close date. It must be accompanied by a closeout transaction from the escrow to the receiver if the escrow contains funds. This gives any unclaimed funds to the receiver of the fund, including non-recovered donations.
To delete fund, we are using `scripts/transfer/delete.js`

## Setup

Please follow the [setup](../README.md) instructions to install dependencies and update the config.

> This example is using PyTEAL, so make sure to follow the Python3 setup described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example is using PyTEAL, so make sure to follow the Python3 setup described there.
```
